README.md, before:

# USFM Toolkit

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/baijum/usfm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/baijum/usfm)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/baijum/usfm/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/baijum/usfm?branch=master)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/baijum/usfm?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/baijum/usfm)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

A toolkit to analyze, parse & convert [USFM formatted text
files](http://paratext.org/about/usfm)

## Development

If you are interested to contribute to this project, follow the
instruction given here.

1. Install [Git](http://git-scm.com/) and clone this repository
2. Install [Go
compiler](http://muthukadan.net/golang/an-introduction-to-go-programming.html)
3. Run this command to get code: `go get github.com/baijum/usfm`

The code will be available under `$GOPATH/src/github.com/baijum/usfm`

You will also a get a binary executable under `$GOPATH/bin/usfm` which
you can run to convert USFM files to various formats.

You can fork the project from [Github](https://github.com/baijum/usfm)
and push your changes there.  Later you can send pull request with
your changes.  Before sending the pull request, make sure the tests
are running locally using this command:

    go test ./...

I also recommend to run [go fmt](https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt/), [go
vet](https://golang.org/cmd/vet/) and
[golint](https://github.com/golang/lint) commands before sending pull
request.  This will help us to maintain the quality of code.


## Credits

The parser is created based on the [article written by Ben
Johnson](https://blog.gopheracademy.com/advent-2014/parsers-lexers/)

Commit message:

convenient command to run test and other tools

README.md, after:

# USFM Toolkit

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/baijum/usfm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/baijum/usfm)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/baijum/usfm/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/baijum/usfm?branch=master)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/baijum/usfm?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/baijum/usfm)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

A toolkit to analyze, parse & convert [USFM formatted text
files](http://paratext.org/about/usfm)

## Development

If you are interested to contribute to this project, follow the
instruction given here.

1. Install [Git](http://git-scm.com/) and clone this repository
2. Install [Go
compiler](http://muthukadan.net/golang/an-introduction-to-go-programming.html)
3. Run this command to get code: `go get github.com/baijum/usfm`

The code will be available under `$GOPATH/src/github.com/baijum/usfm`

You will also a get a binary executable under `$GOPATH/bin/usfm` which
you can run to convert USFM files to various formats.

You can fork the project from [Github](https://github.com/baijum/usfm)
and push your changes there.  Later you can send pull request with
your changes.  Before sending the pull request, make sure the tests
are running locally using this command:

    go test ./...

I also recommend to run [go fmt](https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt/), [go
vet](https://golang.org/cmd/vet/) and
[golint](https://github.com/golang/lint) commands before sending pull
request.  This will help us to maintain the quality of code.  You can
run the `run.sh` shell script to run all the above mentioned tools
including tests.

## Credits

The parser is created based on the [article written by Ben
Johnson](https://blog.gopheracademy.com/advent-2014/parsers-lexers/)
